this is a review of the Asus Zenbook 3
now I feel like this laptop is kind of
in a class of its own it's similar in
size to something like the 12-inch
MacBook but it's got a much more
powerful processor than the MacBook does
and then if you take something that has
a similar processor like the Razer Blade
stealth these n book 3 is just so much
more compact in comparison it's similar
but quite different from both of these
but throughout this video I'm going to
be referencing the MacBook just because
it has the most similarities in terms of
ergonomics and design to the Zenbook 3
now it starts at $1100 for the base
model but the unit I have here is $1600
spec wise you're getting a lot more
power under the hood than the MacBook so
it has a full aluminum build with that
brushed radial pattern up top it's got
three colors this dark blue a silver and
a pink they all have this gold trim I
don't mind the trim actually like it and
personally I also like the blue but I
think there's a lot of people that would
want something more subtle like a black
or a great and there isn't that option
but dbrand has skins that you can use to
give us a more stealthier look the
bottom panel comes off easily but when
you're in there the only thing you can
upgrade is the drive the 512 gig stock
drive in this model is a PCIe stick from
Toshiba and has great performance the
battery down here is 40 watt hours now
asus claims up to nine hours i was
getting just short of 6 hours with
normal use screen at 215 it's it
supports fast charging so you can juice
it up to 60% battery life in 50 minutes
in terms of the build quality it feels
very rigid the screen is rock-solid the
chassis is also very good the hinge is
great one-hand open a bowl and it
doesn't flop open or close I think
issues nailed the build it's still not
as good as a 12-inch MacBook I feel like
this is like the gold standard of build
quality but the Zenbook 3 is pretty darn
close it's very limited on ports it has
an audio jack on one side and a USB 3.1
type-c on the other side there's no a
Thunderbolt 3 support but the good news
is that Asus includes an adapter
the display is a 12.5 inch 1080p panel
covered in Gorilla Glass 4 it's glossy
but it's not a touchscreen it measures
in with really good color accuracy and
contrast but it could be a little
brighter compared to the 12-inch MacBook
yes this is a lower resolution screen
but at regular viewing distances you
can't really tell the difference that
ease
it is a better screen on the MacBook but
not by that much
now the webcam on this thing is pretty
terrible it's just as bad as a potato on
the MacBook I know how they did this the
keyboard is backlit and typing feels
okay it has 0.8 millimeters of travel so
it's not as tactile as I'd like it but
it's spacious and for the most part I
think it's a decent keyboard and most
people will get used to it quickly the
spacebar feels a little spongy than the
rest of the keys but it's not a big deal
the trackpad is pretty good it has a
smooth glass surface even though it
feels a little plastic e tracking is
smooth and pretty accurate the buttons
however don't feel great it feels kind
of dainty and there's not much travel
when you click so it's not a very
satisfying action there's a fingerprint
sensor up here and it works with Windows
hello so you can log into Windows using
just your fingerprint pretty quickly the
Zen book 3 has 4 speakers there's two up
here and then there's two on the bottom
they have Harman Kardon branding and
they sound better than expected now I
think the king of Ultrabook speakers is
the 12-inch MacBook if you've seen my
review of it or you've heard it in real
life it just sounds so much better than
you'd think it would considering how
small the laptop is the Zen book doesn't
sound as good it's not as clean and as
distortion at higher volumes but they're
still really solid this unit here is
running an i7 KB Lake 6700 U and three
big benefits of kb lake over skylake
first it's more energy efficient second
it's got hardware encoding and decoding
of certain video codecs and the third
thing it's got a slightly faster clock
speed and in terms of lightweight gaming
the HD 620 will let you play stuff like
csgo at low settings with good frame
rates but even moderately demanding
games run pretty poorly so overwatch
will run at around 45 frames per second
at the lowest possible settings and
resolution it only has a single fan and
fan noise isn't loud but it's audible
when it comes on and it's on pretty
regularly even when you're doing light
tasks under load the fan noise is also
relatively quiet for a core i7 but
because it only has one fan it gets
pretty hot on the inside and because of
those high temperatures there is
significant CPU throttling the average
user won't care about this at all they
won't even notice it like if you just do
regular tasks on your laptop you
literally won't notice it but if you
want to render videos or play heavy
games this isn't the machine for you but
that's the problem of having an i5 or an
i7
and something this thin it's hard to
cool it properly unless you throttle
down the CPU okay so with the Zen book
three you're getting excellent build
quality this is one of the best made
Asus devices I've used to date the 1080p
display is not a touchscreen but it's
color accurate and it looks pretty nice
the backlit keyboard is comfortable to
use for its size the trackpad has a
fingerprint sensor and has great
tracking but the clicks feel shallow the
speaker system is surprisingly good for
the size of the laptop inside the cable
a core i7 and the integrated graphics
have good energy efficiency but there is
noticeable throttling when you push it
hard if the 16 gigs of ram is soldered
on
but the solid-state drive is upgradable
and then there's a 40 watt hour battery
that will last you around 6 hours of
battery life as for who this laptop is
for you want to make sure that you're
buying it for the right reasons because
this is not a cheap device if you're a
university student or you want to use it
for working once one of this thin
enlightens just a Productivity Beast
this is a really good option it's well
it is what it is but if you're looking
for something that you can just run the
CPU full-tilt all the time like you want
to play games on it for whatever reason
no this is not that device get something
that's a little more appropriate but if
you're looking for well a Productivity
machine this is a good one thumbs if you
like this video subs have you loved it
it's been nice I'll see you guys next
time
[Music]